feat(iota/docs): add dev inspect test and docs (#5022)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/references/cli/ptb.mdx

      --dry-run
          Perform a dry run of the PTB instead of executing it.
      --dev-inspect

>           Perform a dev-inspect of the PTB instead of executing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Perform a dev inspect of the PTB instead of executing it.
```
Maybe more consistent with the dry-run comment, just resolve if you don't feel like it

## JSON output

Append the `--json` flag to commands to format responses in JSON instead of the more human-friendly default IOTA CLI output. This can be useful for extremely large datasets, for example, as those results can have a troublesome display on smaller screens. In these cases, the `--json` flag is useful.

> ## dry-run and dev-inspect

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## `dry-run` and `dev-inspect`
```

Both flags can simulate a transaction block and show its effects without committing it to the blockchain, meaning no gas fees are charged.

> A dry run is ideal for quickly checking whether a transaction will succeed or fail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `dry-run` is ideal for quickly checking whether a transaction will succeed or fail.
```

It's helpful for testing the transaction logic and confirming that the transaction behaves as expected.

> A dev-inspect is useful for in-depth analysis and troubleshooting of transaction logic or inspection of on chain data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `dev-inspect` is useful for in-depth analysis and troubleshooting of transaction logic or inspection of on-chain data.
```

> It enables users to call any Move function with specified arguments, returning outputs and modified inputs without altering the state.
> Also results don't need to be handled as usual, references to objects can be returned and owned objects don't need to be destroyed or transfered.
> For each transaction of a PTB, the result is printed at the end of the dev-inspect output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`dev-inspect` enables users to call any Move function with specified arguments, returning outputs and modified inputs without altering the state.
Also, results don't need to be handled as usual, references to objects can be returned, and owned objects don't need to be destroyed or transferred.
The result for each PTB transaction is printed at the end of the `dev-inspect` output.
```

> Dry-run example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `dry-run` Example
```

╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
╭───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Balance Changes                                                                                   │
├───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  ┌──                                                                                              │
│  │ Owner: Account Address ( 0xa5657935a0698bf654ce4ceb66b5a6d6a371a934a6afcfd1e191aa2ee460c8cc )  │
│  │ CoinType: 0x2::iota::IOTA                                                                      │
│  │ Amount: 1000000000                                                                             │
│  └──                                                                                              │
╰───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Dry run completed, execution status: success
Estimated gas cost (includes a small buffer): 3960800 NANOS
```

</details>

> Dev-inspect example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `dev-inspect` Example
```

│    AS3GZusoMp8xxPvPBvwbUYnPPH7GxVNxnjkgLXzQAPPk                                                   │
╰───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
╭─────────────────────────────╮
│ No transaction block events │
╰─────────────────────────────╯
Execution Result
  Return values
    IOTA TypeTag: IotaTypeTag("address")
    Bytes: [165, 101, 121, 53, 160, 105, 139, 246, 84, 206, 76, 235, 102, 181, 166, 214, 163, 113, 169, 52, 166, 175, 207, 209, 225, 145, 170, 46, 228, 96, 200, 204]
  Mutable Reference Outputs
    IOTA Argument: GasCoin
    IOTA TypeTag: IotaTypeTag("0x2::coin::Coin<0x2::iota::IOTA>")
    Bytes: [187, 132, 110, 161, 146, 216, 92, 215, 8, 143, 5, 87, 27, 10, 50, 77, 190, 205, 62, 77, 140, 176, 20, 74, 241, 56, 58, 219, 204, 20, 54, 68, 0, 210, 206, 244, 220, 0, 0, 0]
  Return values
    IOTA TypeTag: IotaTypeTag("0x2::coin::Coin<0x2::iota::IOTA>")
    Bytes: [102, 203, 47, 152, 164, 203, 185, 218, 39, 142, 25, 126, 199, 254, 103, 95, 158, 71, 177, 44, 19, 170, 199, 49, 201, 79, 70, 210, 145, 83, 212, 37, 0, 202, 154, 59, 0, 0, 0, 0]
```

</details>

> One example, that is only possible with dev-inspect as it returns a borrowed value from a function:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example is only possible with `dev-inspect` as it returns a borrowed value from a function:
```
